# WT_CW1_00014688
I created a website for a local barbershop located in our city. The site consists of 6 different pages with different html structure and css styles. Javascript was also used (this can be seen when clicking on some buttons). 6 different html files were created, the structure of each file is individual and different from the other. All design work on all pages is located in the "style.css" section, each section has been highlighted, so there will be no difficulty in viewing the code. In this work, various creative techniques were used, from basic to text animation. All pages are combined with each other and correspond to the specified task, semantic design complies with requirements. The "image" folder contains all the pictures that were used for this course work. All pages are made with adaptation for any device, regardless of a laptop or phone, all this was done using the "@media" function. The site has a nice interface, the color scheme was also chosen in one common style. Text elements immediately stand out and become eye-catching. The site is well navigable, very easy to operate (without any difficulty). All elements, tags, classes and containers have been created and named according to generally accepted standards.
Links confirming that this is a real local company: https://instagram.com/santander.barberia?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=
https://business.google.com/v/santander-barbershop/012427145818721821469/4de0/_?caid=19007611881&agid=143440332883&gclid=CjwKCAiAyfybBhBKEiwAgtB7fouES6Ar6EZUa7fRNgEmgSnWAZx3p_LSS9mLbEv_WgoWegBghPZg4xoC_-oQAvD_BwE&gclid=CjwKCAiAyfybBhBKEiwAgtB7fouES6Ar6EZUa7fRNgEmgSnWAZx3p_LSS9mLbEv_WgoWegBghPZg4xoC_-oQAvD_BwE

repository link https://github.com/00014688/WT_CW1_00014688
